welcome to the man of recaps this is
Hannah's bachelorette week for the guys
leave the mansion and go to rhode island
land of lobsters and stuff
Hannah's excited for her first
one-on-one date with Jed the singer
she's had a crush on him since week one
and they spend a nice day walking around
Boston he's a nice laid-back guy so
Hannah feels she can really relax with
him she gives him the fake American
history tour um she really doesn't know
much what was it
no taxation no representation no no
representation no they go to a photo
booth kiss in the tavern but then for
the main event
it's the Boston Celtics Arena yeah they
have a fun time playing some basketball
and jet makes the epic over-the-shoulder
look shot that's pretty cool so
it's a no-brainer he gets a safety rose
the next day for the group date the guys
are playing rugby that's a very physical
game
so Lupe's like yo this is what I do he's
a little too rough with it especially
when he body slams Luke ass on the
sidelines and it was totally uncalled
for but Lupe's like whatever bro I'm the
man and his one-on-one with Hannah he
fudges the details to make him seem like
the good guy it's like yeah the other
Luke was coming at me but Lucas is like
what why would I come at him he's like
twice my size he's like look Hannah
honestly all the guys hate Luke Pete
with Cam gone he's the new villain
they're all sitting around fighting with
them except for a golfer Garrett who's
like yo I'm gonna go talk to Hannah and
have a nice little time so he gets the
group-date rose out of it the next day
Hannah's overwhelmed with all the drama
but she's got a fun one-on-one date with
Tyler they're going out on a boat gonna
do some lobster trapping he cheers her
up they have a great time and that night
it's a private Jay Cohen concert
these are always super funny to me cuz
it's like what are we supposed to do
we're supposed to dance for like three
full minutes like how many times should
we kiss back at the resort it's still
drama with Luke P and the guys a Big
Mike especially hates him tonight
they're natural enemies because they're
the two big guys they're trying to make
it seem like Luke P is a straight-up
psychopath and maybe he is the Luke
rivalry continues there can only be one
Luke he was telling Hannah how Lucas is
only here to promote his tequila company
so Lucas is like hey man can you just
tell Hannah that's clearly not true Luke
he's like yeah man you're right I'm
sorry I got you but he goes to Hannah
and
like yeah that guy doesn't like you at
all so Hanna calls a sit-down with the
Luke's it's like look we're gonna have
to pick one of you and that's where the
episode ends it was a real short one
this week there's no rose ceremony and
not a whole lot happened a very little
of John Paul Jones and zero chicken
nuggets so who are the frontrunners
right now
Jed definitely on top Hannah loves him
and he hasn't had any drama
Tyler's he's got a safety rose from his
great date and golfer Garrett's got one
too Pilate Peter asked her to be his
official girlfriend and she thought that
was hilarious and Big Mike's still in
the running he's been a cool guy
throughout and of course my favorite the
dark horse candidate to win it all John
Paul Jones huh Luke P started to show
off so strong and he's still getting the
most screen time by far but lately it's
been mostly negative will Hanna kick him
out for all the drama or is she gonna
give him another chance so hit that
subscribe button and tune in next week
to see which Luke will survive
[Music]